Updating splash about (#273)
bitovi/bitops: docs/index.md

<div class="bitovi-row">
    <div class="bitovi-column">
        <h1>Organize your Infrastructure-as-Code (IAC) 

>         <nl>Consistently Deploy.</h1>

Reviewer: lol, just noticed we had `<n1>` tag here :)

>         <h1>BitOps packages, centralizes and organizes IaC</h1>

Reviewer: Would that work?
```suggestion
        <h1>BitOps packages, centralizes and organizes your Infrastructure-as-Code</h1>
```
I think it's nice to spell the IaC explicitly as we're targeting the entry group where the `IaC` abbreviation could be not that clear.

>         <h1>BitOps packages, centralizes and organizes your Infrastructure-as-Code</h1>

Reviewer 2: Does BitOps package your IaC?  I think of "packaging" as "building artifacts for deployment", and neither bitops nor the ops repo does that for your IaC.

What about just
> BitOps centralizes and organizes your Infrastructure-asCode

?

Reviewer: How about replacing "packages" -> "deploys"?

```suggestion
        <h1>BitOps centralizes, organizes and deploys your Infrastructure-as-Code</h1>
```
In the past version there was mention of deployments.

Reviewer 2: `deploys` is good.  I recommend adding the Oxford comma ;). @PhillypHenning
